                         Check List 

1.	Patient's Name,age gender should reflect on all claim documents.

2.	Xerox copy of Pan Card and Aadhar Card of employee.

3.	Original Cancel Cheque with name printed.

4.	Reason for Delay in submission / intimation.

5.	Hospital registration certificate for current year with hospital seal.

6.	Original Discharge card with detail line of treatment with both stamp and sign from hospital authority.

7.	If hospitalization is for 1 day then declaration from hospital authorities stating time of Admission & Discharge ( 24 Hrs. criteria applied It may OR may not be payable ).

8.	Original final bill with detail break up with both sign & seal from hospital authority with room category (Private/Semi Private/General Ward).

9.	Detail break up of OT pharmacy, consumables, disposables, surgical materials, IV medicines, IV fluids & instrument details charged in main bill.

10.	Original final bill paid receipt(receipt should be pre numbered, with revenue stamp, with mode of payment & sign & stamp from hospital).

11.	Original Medicine bills (Cash Memo) with doctor's prescription.

12.	All original investigation/lab reports supporting to diagnosis (MBBS degree holders should sign laboratory reports of patients - To consider it as original report) & charged in bill.

13.	Original copy of implant invoices & stickers used in surgical cases.

14.	GPLA /gravida status from treating doctor & latest original sonography report are mandatory in maternity cases.

15.	In Case of Accident / Fall at any place required detail narration of injury (How, where, when) with alcohol status of patient from treating doctor. 

16.	Xerox copy of Indoor case papers are mandatory.

17.	FIR copy (in accident case) Alcoholic/MCL report (in accident case).

18.	In cases of fractures and replacement surgeries pre and post operative X rays are mandatory.

19.	In death cases death summary (cause of death) with death certificate is needed.

20.	Required A – Scan Report, Lens Sticker, Lens Cash Invoice, type of Lens (Monofocal / Multifoacal) from Hospital / Treating Doctor.






